yet another ftp client for s60 mobile phones, but wait this does not provides yet another similar functionality.
<br>
Application at Glance:<br>
<br>
<br>    <b>It will be bundled as a sis package to be installed directly on mobile device.<br></b><br>    <b>Application requires pyS60 installed on mobile device.<br></b><br>    <b>Application allows to add as many different servers as user wants, to transfer files to and from.<br></b><br>    <b>Application needs to add jobs to be completed, jobs may consist of Upload (file or directory), Download (file or directory), Delete (file or directory), Create new directory on remote server, Rename (file or directory) on remote server, many of features are coming soon.<br></b><br>    <b>Once job is added, it'll be Queued in the Queue of jobs.<br></b><br>    <b>Once jobs added, user can say 'Dispatch Jobs', so that a background process will be started to complete those jobs one after another.<br></b><br>    <b>Once Jobs have been dispatched user can close application, but background process will continue its work to complete scheduled jobs.<br></b><br>    <b>You can see status of jobs schedules by again going in application, there it'll show current Running job and next probable job on its main UI, and you can see all jobs at a glance also.<br></b><br>    <b>Jobs can be Deferred and Queued up manually.<br></b><br>    <b>Application can be updated from its menu itself, just pressing 'update software', update will install newer features that we implement and add it to update server.</b>

Developed and Maintained by <a href='http://pratikrokade.com'>Pratik Rokade.</a>